welcome to the Tuesday edition of the
fringe news with Reverend Jeb tonight's
news is really packed full of
interesting goodness and an ending that
micro outright shock you so let's see
about it shall we starting off the
crypto news tonight is JCP in his video
on that Bigfoot found ish jason him some
friends were hiking a trail when they
heard a loud trash when going to
investigate they found this huge
overturned tree with hairy bipedal
animals running from the scene Jason
goes on to tell us at the Bigfoot push
over trees then bury their dead and
return the tree to upright so the body
is absorbed by the tree as it grows
interesting theory for sure see the
description for a link to the video next
up is this video from backwards Bigfoot
they happen to be running the audio
recorder when they cut a big tree fall
over and several Bigfoot yells in the
distance although we never actually see
the animal long video the uploader is
sure that Bigfoot's responsible for the
noises stop by youtube.com slash back
which Bigfoot to hear the clip and
wrapping up the crypto news tonight is
Phil bowling a pair of breakdown and he
was at it once again and this time it
was the to island Bigfoot video the cell
phone video shot from a boat leaves much
to be desired but as usual phil was able
to give us a closer look taking room too
far away in the wrong aspect upon a
zoomed-in look there really isn't much
to see but Phil thinks he has the answer
anyhow so click on over to youtube.com /
para break down to see the results
kicking off the out of this world news
tonight is this amazing video of a
massive alien mothership in Moscow
Russia the 35 second video seems to be
shot live of something the size an
aircraft carrier flying through the air
yet it melts directly into the crowd
base as the crab seems to just disappear
I can't say I know what it is but the
odds are the same so stop on by
youtube.com slash skynet m
w3 to see the video next up is this clip
of a UFO flying over Paris France during
the flood on to 19th the glowing silver
color craft seems to hover in the frame
on several cameras caught from around
the city a close-up view shows a round
object drifting through the tree rainy
skies I'm not sure what to make of it
but the sky seemed to be filling up
click on over to youtube.com slash UFO
vni 2012 to see the clip now here we
have something interesting from Stephen
hennaed once again this video shows some
quote of UFO crap that just appears in
the frame the close distance to our son
s video takes us through several filters
showing it to be some sort of solid
craft it seemed to just a beer and then
disappear at will not knowing what will
come up next keep your eyes peeled for
more updates till then check out
youtube.com slash Stephen entered a DG
UK to see the file and finishing awfully
out of this world news tonight is this
leak grey alien video claimed to be out
of area 51 skinny Bob is what they call
him and it's claimed to have lived at
area 51 for quite some time although
many experts have gone over this footage
not have been able to prove it is unreal
or a hopes to my eyes it would be one of
the best possible footage 'as of grey
aliens out there so for now check out
youtube.com slash all news web to see
the video be sure to join us with a
squatcher slavs podcast tomorrow night
at 7pm is david batdorf and myself
discuss Bigfoot efficient and grey alien
theories that's at seven p.m. pacific
right here on youtube com /s thoughts
podcast and you can also stream it live
from Bigfoot evidence top blogspot com
now tonight's what the hell is this
comes from a tiny island off the coast
of New Zealand an insect that weighs as
much as three mice and of the week
carrots out of your hand so just what
the hell is it
the operation clear sky missions of the
night is follow the rainbow follow the
rainbow thanks for joining me for the
French news number 34 I'm Reverend Jeff
and me the squats be with you
harmless joint witters nice new zealand
and add jurassic creatures from the age
of the dinosaur and they impressive
you